hello everyone in my name is Paul kook
Chesterfield football club manager it
just here today on behalf of speaking to
Karen about setting up the child
foundation which is gonna help all kids
in every aspect of the lives whether
it's sickness illness or whatever she
can do to help it was part of
Chesterfield Football Club being a
manager will be able to support it and
the foundation in any way we can and we
wish you the best of luck okay I'm Tommy
Lee Sheffield FC number one goalkeeper
when we heard about Karen setting up the
child foundation is something that me
and all the lads are one hundred percent
behind hi I'm Gary Roberts midfielder
for Chesterfield football club and we're
delighted to be a part and support the
child foundation which is run by CAD and
child we at Chesterfield Football Club
are delighted to get involved in the new
charity the child foundation which has
been heavily supported by current child
one of our biggest sponsors at the
football club we are passionate about
the health of our young children and you
know we are fully supporting the new
charity we all love and cherish our
children and our grandchildren there are
few aspects of life that are more
special and heartwarming then seeing our
young ones play grow and develop into
healthy and happy young adults but sadly
for reasons that we often can't fathom
not all children enjoy the same fortune
and the same benefits of a healthy and
fully able body not all parents are
blessed with the personal means to give
their children the help and support that
they're poorly disabled or just
unfortunate children need and deserve
the char foundation has been formed to
help children and their families with
all types of life challenges we want to
offer a little help some extra support
gestures of kindness and love and the
mission to help special children feel
that little bit extra special you can
support the work of the child foundation
by attending a special charity football
match at the product stadium the home of
Chesterfield Football Club
the date of the match is Sunday the
first 2 jun 2014 kickoff time for the
game is 4pm and the price to attend is
only five pound per person and that's
the price for an adult or a child a
celebrity football team called once upon
a smile will be fielding some well-known
faces from television and former
chesterfield players and legends will
provide the opposition there'll be some
faces that chesterfield fans will need
no introduction to you can buy your
tickets for this special game in one of
three ways you can go along to the
chesterfield FC club shop during normal
opening hours by visiting the anchor pub
in clown or you can buy them online by
simply visiting the child foundation
facebook page and following the link on
the top of the page here's a little
update for you on some of the children
that we want to help from the charity
football match beautiful little boy
James from harthill James has an
undiagnosed condition and by his parents
own admission James does not know really
too much of what's going on around him
we want to raise funds to buy James a
special bed that makes his life more
comfortable and the lives of his parents
are little easier he's simply gorgeous
Josh from Chesterfield a happy and
inspiring little man that suffers from
cerebral palsy and whose parents simply
want Josh to have the closest experience
to walking that's possible for him to
have we found a special device made in
ireland that can ensure little josh can
do just that little josh will get the
experience of walking and brave and
inspiring andrew also from chesterfield
andrew has bravely battled and overcome
leukemia it's testament to his character
that he now wants to set about the task
of raising sufficient money to cover the
cost of the treatment that he received
from Sheffield Children's Hospital we
want to make a positive donation to
Andrews objective
and to further raise awareness of the
wonderful commitment that he's made
please do try and attend the special
charity football match on Sunday the
first of June 2014 and please do tell
all your friends about it
you